# YOUR DAILY TO-DO LIST
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/1FWHLGtJ-Cc
    #### Description: This is a Python program that helps you manage your tasks during the day. It is a TO_DO list to which you can add the tasks you want to do during the day. If you have a change in your plans you can delete any task you wish to. Also, when you have done any task you can mark it. Let’s go through the code.  The code has several functions such as get_date which gets the date of today and shows it in the welcoming syntax at the beginning of the program. One other function add_task which adds tasks that you need to do during the day. You can use delete_task if you have a change in your plans. Task_done is another function that marks the tasks you have done throughout the day. I used the datetime Library to get today’s date. The Csv Library is used to manage csv files in the code. Another library that is used is the sys Library. This library is used to exit the program when the user wants to exit. The other library that is used in this program is tabulate Library which prints a chart of the tasks that you want to do throughout the day. This program uses the file I\O to write and read information into and from csv files. Csv files are used to add the number of tasks and task descriptions. When you have done a task the time spent on that task is added to the same csv file. Also, in this file, there is a column to mark it as “Done” when you have finished a task. After storing the data on this file by using tabulate Library, the program prints the number of tasks, task description, time spent on the tasks, and “Done” part as a chart in the terminal of Visual Studio Code. When you execute the program again the old csv file is deleted and a new file is created for the new to-do list. The program is designed to handle the expected errors like Value Error or File Not Found Error successfully. When the user types a task number the\at is not in range or types something invalid comments like “Invalid task number. Please try again.” and “Invalid input. Please enter a valid task number.” appear in the terminal window in Visual Studio Code. It is worth mentioning that when a task is deleted the number of tasks is resorted to fill the gap of deleted task. There is a test code too. This test code, checks if the functions in the source code. There are eight functions in the test code that check six functions of the main source. In this code I used libraries such as Pytest Library, Os Library, Unittest.mock Library to manage the csv files and the functions that did not have any return values. It is worth mentioning that in the source code, most of the functions have side effects and not return values.